docs(UPM-2316): MVP doc for Create Cluster (#1905)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/edbcloud/beta/using_cluster/03_modifying_your_cluster/05_db_configuration_parameters.mdx

---
title: Modifying Database Configuration Parameters
---

The database parameters listed on the DB Configuration tab are also referred to as Grand Unified Configuration (GUC) variables. See [What Is a GUC Variable?](https://www.enterprisedb.com/blog/what-guc-variable) for more information.

The list of parameters is populated based on the type of database you selected on the **Operational Settings** tab when you created your cluster. For more information about the parameters for your database type:

- For Postgres parameters, see 
   - [Setting Parameters](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/config-setting.html) and [Server Configuration](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/runtime-config.html) in the Postgres documentation.

>    - [postgresqlco.nf](https://postgresqlco.nf/) for more documentation and a tool to manage your configuration file.

Reviewer: Two things on this:

1. Most of the parameters here are also valid for EPAS - we shouldn't sub-bullet this under PostgreSQL.
2. "and a tool to manage your configuration file" - customers can't use this tool with EDB Cloud.

I won't object to removing postgresqlco.nf if we can't figure out how to reference it nicely.

- For EDB Postgres Advanced Server, see [Summary of Configuration Parameters](https://www.enterprisedb.com/docs/epas/latest/epas_guide/03_database_administration/01_configuration_parameters/02_summary_of_configuration_parameters/#summary_of_configuration_parameters) and [Configuration Parameters](https://www.enterprisedb.com/docs/epas/latest/epas_guide/03_database_administration/01_configuration_parameters/).

!!!note

> Not all database configuration parameters are supported by EDB Cloud. Some parameters are reserved for EDB to provide the managed database features of EDB Cloud such as `wal_level` and `restore_command`. 

Reviewer: This reads like `wal_level` and `restore_command` are features of EDB Cloud, not GUCs 😁

!!!

To modify a parameter,

1. Go to the parameter you want to modify using these methods:
   - To search for a specific parameter, use the search field. 
   - To filter what parameters show, select one of the following in the **Show only** drop-down list:

>       - Custom Values - changed from the default values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Custom Values - shows only parameters that are changed from the default values, either in this session or modified in a previous session and already applied to the cluster.
```

>       - Currently Edited Values - changed during this editing session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Currently Edited Values - shows only parameters that have been changed during this edit session.
```
